feat(curriculum): add Sudoku solver project Python (#52452)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-classes-and-objects-by-building-a-sudoku-solver/6568994faf481da5d37bfa40.md

---
id: 6568994faf481da5d37bfa40
title: Step 13
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

> As a row in a board is divided into three segments, divide the`line` into three parts using `list slicing (line[:3], line[3:6], line[6:])` as the parameter for enumeration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a row in a board is divided into three segments, divide the `line` into three parts using list slicing - `(line[:3], line[3:6], line[6:])`, and use it the argument for `enumerate` function.
```
